Online sex industry is a very important part of this field and one of the profitable one. Unlike how things work offline, online sex industry seems to have no much to do with mafias and gang when it comes to purely online business. This works more like a kind of conventional internet business which has been discussed by everyone million times.

  Like in most of the internet businesses,companies like porn websites is making a great deal of profit globally while you’re reading this essay. 3074.64 dollars are spent on pornography and 28258 people are staring at their screens watching pornography every second.There are three most important components of online sex industry, which are porn websites, online gaming, and online hookup.

  Porn websites surely are the most profitable one component within this field. The large number of pornographic websites, 4.2 million (also 12% of total websites),and the number of adult sites visitors per month, 72 million, are persuasive enough to illustrate what a treasure island this market is. If you’d like to take look at the pages of Pornhub, the biggest porn site in the world, you would notice that this industry is so mature that is totally another world from some shabby forums as some Chinese people imagine and experience. And the way they make revenue is as mature as the market has become, which hence, seem conventional to people how internet companies work.

  They put on commercial ads on their pages and before the videos played.  Obviously,these ads have everything to do with the sex industry itself.Most of the ads are about sex toys and exclusive porn.  Another old-fashion way is selling premium membership, with which,member will have a non-ads site and access to HD videos. And there’s also a feature on the go, which is live show. Every coin that horny anchors make,Pornhub extracts a share out of it.

  After the first adult game, 3Feels, wasrolled out on Dec. 19th, 2009, new players started to join the gameof the online sex market. However, sadly but predictably, the games are now “vanished”thank to the government of China.

Their way of obtaining money is very old-fashion too. They provide premium membership too. Like other normal games,with this, you will have some discount for in-game purchase and special characters or tools. And they sell decorations and tools. You can make your virtual “partner” whatever you want, no matter an exotic dancer or an IT girl with big boobs.The last one part is online hookup and prostitution. Even though it’s a little weird to say this, it’s more like a kind of O2O business. For prostitution, it has no difference of putting the work online. Apps took the place of calls and are doing a good job. Online hookup is brand new however. In old ages, people go to sex club or hang out on the streets to find people for one night stands, while nowadays, people do it with apps.Internet and phones made a lot of change to this market, not only by bringing the new ways of playing, but also by accelerating the flow of information.


